1. Prerequisites (Software Installation)
Before running the Python code, you must install the two "engines" that power the logic and the visuals.
------>A. Install Graphviz (The Graph Engine)
Download the Windows EXE Installer from the Graphviz Download Page.

CRITICAL: During installation, select "Add Graphviz to the system PATH for all users".

Restart your computer after installation finishes.

---->B. Install Ollama (The AI Engine)
Download and install Ollama for Windows.

Open a terminal (PowerShell or CMD) and run the following command to download the model:

PowerShell
ollama pull llama3
(Note: This might take a few minutes depending on your internet speed).

---->Install Python Libraries
Open your terminal in the SLD_Spec_Project folder and run:

PowerShell
pip install -r requirements.txt


---->3. Running the Project
Follow these steps every time you want to start the app:

Step 1: Start Ollama
Ensure the Ollama application is running in your system tray (bottom right of your taskbar).

Step 2: Run the Flask Server
In your terminal, navigate to your project folder and run:

PowerShell
python app.py
Step 3: Access the Dashboard
Open your web browser (Chrome, Edge, etc.).

Go to the following address: http://127.0.0.1:5000

4. How to Test the Pipeline
Once the dashboard is open:

Click on the Home or Process page.

Select Python or C from the dropdown.

Paste one of the test snippets (like the Circular Shift C code).

Click START_SLD_ANALYSIS.

Why it takes time:
Your computer is performing a complex multi-stage process:

Slicing: Creating an Abstract Syntax Tree (AST) to isolate logic.

Generating PDG: Graphviz renders the Data Dependency graph.

AI Inference: Ollama runs Llama 3 twice (once to guess, once to judge).

5. Troubleshooting Common Issues
"Graphviz not found": You forgot to add it to the PATH or didn't restart your PC/VS Code.

"Ollama Connection Error": Ensure the Ollama app is actually running and you have run ollama pull llama3.